Refactor(eos_designs)!: Added min_length for network_ports switches (#5920)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: docs/porting-guides/6.x.x.md

-   type: l2ls
```

### Schema restriction for eos_designs data models

> Starting AVD 6.0.0, the following data model keys have been changed in `eos_designs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting AVD 6.0.0, restrictions have been added to the following keys in `eos_designs` schema.
```

| `<node_type_keys.key>.node_groups.[].l3_port_channels.[].member_interfaces.[].speed` | Added valid_values |
| `<node_type_keys.key>.nodes.[].l3_port_channels.[].member_interfaces.[].speed` | Added valid_values |

> | `p2p_links[].speed` | Added valid_values |

Reviewer: lets try to keep this alaphabetical order

Author: updated

-     vrf: VRF1
```

### Schema restriction for eos_cli_config_gen data models

> Starting AVD 6.0.0, the following data model keys have been changed in `eos_cli_config_gen`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting AVD 6.0.0, restrictions have been added to the following keys in `eos_cli_config_gen` schema.
```

Reviewer 2: We already have a restriction table just below this table.

Reviewer: merged them together please

Author: merged

| ---- | ------------ |
| `ethernet_interfaces[].speed` | Added valid_values |
| `management_interfaces[].speed` | Added valid_values |
| `aaa_accounting.exec.default.type` | required |
| `aaa_accounting.system.default.type` | required |
| `aaa_accounting.dot1x.default.type` | required |
| `aaa_accounting.commands.console[].type` | required |

> | `aaa_accounting.commands.default[].type` | required |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `aaa_accounting.exec.default.type` | required |
| `aaa_accounting.system.default.type` | required |
| `aaa_accounting.dot1x.default.type` | required |
| `aaa_accounting.commands.console[].type` | required |
| `aaa_accounting.commands.default[].type` | required |
| `ethernet_interfaces[].speed` | Added valid_values |
| `management_interfaces[].speed` | Added valid_values |
```

Author: updated
